Quick and Easy One Pan Tuna Fried Rice
This is the best tuna fried rice recipe! Made with canned tuna, white rice, eggs, vegetables, and a delicious homemade fried rice sauce, this recipe is so easy to make and is ready in just 25 minutes. You can have a healthy meal on the table in no time!

A pan of tuna fried rice with chopsticks on top of it. 
Asian inspired meals like my orange ginger chicken stir fry, pad pak vegetables and healthy egg roll in a bowl are some of my favourite meals because they have so much flavour, which is why I can't wait for you to try the fried rice recipe I am sharing with you today.

Table of Contents
Why you will love this recipe: 
Ingredients and substitutions:
Recipe variations and add ins: 
How to make tuna fried rice: 
Top Tips:
How to serve: 
How to store: 
Tuna fried rice FAQs:
Other seafood recipes you will love: 
Recipe
Why you will love this recipe: 
The taste! This healthy tuna fried rice has such a delicious flavour from the homemade fried rice sauce and the mix of vegetables.
It's really quick and easy to make and is ready in just 25 minutes. 
It's made using simple pantry staple ingredients including canned tuna, white rice, and eggs. 
You can make the Japanese inspired sauce on this fried rice as spicy or as mild as you like. 
Not only is this fried rice recipe healthy, but it's dairy free and can easily be made gluten free too.  
It's made in one pan so the clean up is so simple and easy, just like my chicken and leek risotto.
This tuna fried rice makes great leftovers so is perfect for meal prep.
It's a great way to use up any leftover cooked rice and vegetables that you have in the fridge. 
If you are a fan of fried rice recipes you also need to try my cauliflower fried rice, Spanish cauliflower fried rice with shrimp and easy sweet potato rice.

Ingredients and substitutions:
A bottle of coconut aminos, rice vinegar, a jar of ground ginger and a bowl of chili flakes. 
A bowl of carrots, a bag of white rice, 2 cans of tuna, 2 eggs and a jar of chopped green onion.
White rice - I recommend using either basmati rice or jasmine rice for making this Korean inspired tuna fried rice.
Coconut oil - this is used to fry the eggs and vegetables. You could swap this for another oil such as avocado oil, olive oil or butter.
Canned tuna - I recommend using wild caught tuna and not farmed tuna if possible to make this canned tuna fried rice. You can use either canned tuna in water or canned tuna in oil.
Eggs - eggs are a classic addition to fried rice recipes and turn this into a tuna egg fried rice. I recommend using pasture raised, large eggs if possible. 
Vegetables - you can choose any type of fresh veggies for this recipe that you like. I personally love green peas and carrots but other ideas include cauliflower, bell peppers, corn, or broccoli. 
Green onion - to add more flavour and colour to this healthy fried rice. You could swap this for white onion or yellow onion instead.
Soy sauce or coconut aminos - this is for making the delicious homemade fried rice sauce. It adds some sweetness and saltiness to this recipe. If you are gluten free be sure to use coconut aminos rather than soy sauce.
Rice vinegar - this is used to balance out the flavours of the sauce on this fried rice. If you don't have rice vinegar you could easily use coconut vinegar or apple cider vinegar instead. 
Ginger - ground ginger adds an amazing flavour to this fried rice sauce.
Chili flakes or red pepper flakes - to make this fried rice a little spicy. You can add more chili flakes to make it spicier, less to make it milder, or omit them altogether if you don't like spice. 
Honey - honey is used to naturally sweeten the sauce for this fried rice while keeping it refined sugar free. You could swap this for maple syrup.
Recipe variations and add ins: 
For more protein, add an extra 1-2 eggs. 
If you are serving a crowd or want leftovers feel free to double or triple this recipe. 
You can choose whatever vegetables you like for this fried rice. Some of my favourites include carrots, peas, corn and broccoli. 
If you like a sweeter sauce add an extra tablespoon of honey. 
If you don't like any heat or spice, omit the chili flakes to make it more mild. 
To make it spicier, add more chili flakes to turn it into spicy tuna fried rice or used canned chili tuna instead of plain canned tuna. 
To make this tuna fried rice recipe gluten free: instead of soy sauce use coconut aminos or gluten free tamari. 
How to make tuna fried rice: 
A pot filled with cooked white rice with a spoon in the rice. 
Step 1: First, cook the rice according to the package instructions and set it aside.
A glass measuring cup filled with a black sauce with a spoon in it. 
Step 2: While the rice is cooking, make the fried rice sauce by combining all the sauce ingredients in a bowl, jar or measuring cup. Set this aside. 
A pan on the stovetop filled with cooking eggs and chopped green onion. 
Step 3: Next, heat the coconut oil in a wok, large frying pan or skillet over medium heat. Once the oil is melted, add the eggs and chopped green onion to the pan and cook them, stirring gently, until the eggs are slightly undercooked.
A pan on the stovetop filed with chopped carrots and peas. 
Step 4: Then add the chopped vegetables to the pan and fry for 2-3 minutes or until tender, stirring frequently.
A pan on the stovetop filled with chopped vegetables and flaked tuna. 
Step 5: Add the drained, canned tuna and fry for another 2 minutes. 
A pan on the stovetop with fried rice being cooked in it. 
Step 6: Lastly, add the cooked rice and sauce to the pan. Stir everything to combine and let it cook for 1-2 more minutes, until heated through. Then serve and enjoy!
Top Tips:
If you have any leftover cooked rice, use that instead of cooking more rice to make this recipe. 
Stir the ingredients in the pan or skillet regularly so they don't stick to the bottom of the pan and they cook evenly.
How to serve: 
This fried rice recipe is delicious as is but you can also top it with kimchi to turn it into kimchi fried rice or add sriracha for even more heat and flavour. I also love topping it with sliced cucumber, mayo, cilantro, bean sprouts or avocado.

This fried rice pairs really well with an Asian cucumber salad and healthy Asian coleslaw.

How to store: 
Store any leftover tuna fried rice in the fridge in an airtight container for up to 5 days. It also freezes well for up to 3 months in a freezer safe container.